here's my 1993 yamaha kodiak 4x4 400
it's in really good condition where i
consider for the year
I tow a wagon with a whole lot of
firewood it has I mean the taillights in
good condition there's storage down
there
it is not a independent rear suspension
sadly but it's not too bad I mean I I
don't mind it I do have a uni air filter
in it the battery is one year old the
tires they're probably down about 40%
they got a few plugs in them but they're
pretty good still now I have no problems
they don't leak or nothing it is a autos
to my automatic but it does have the
high-low course you got your brake on
your foot on the brake going verse
there's no rips tears nothing in the
seat
a little toolkit there your filter there
next that's clean I just redid that not
too long ago
atlast very low miles for the year
twenty two thousand six hundred eighty
six miles with 235 on the oil change it
could possibly use new front brakes but
you know I don't mind it that you're not
too bad you know
it could there's a little tear in this
right here but it's not too bad you know
I'm going to plan I get it fixed but
it's not too bad there is a crack right
here but I got a pretty well you know
it's not going to earn its held up for a
long time
I think what else we put a sprayer on
the back that one right over there that
does pretty good we go around the fields
with that do a cold start hasn't been
started in a while
electric start and pull start but I've
used a pull star but you know I've never
had just going look through nothing
it goes awesome through the snow I go
through a little bit of mud not too much
there's no I passed a lot of people up
we go riding with and it's crazy how
good it does
it's never overheated on me burns no oil
there's normal scratches on it you know
I do aa trail ride
no tix runs great
it is air-cooled with a fan but it also
has an oil radiator
we're on a break
the speedometer does work everything
works in the oil template I've never had
any problems with reverse light neutral
light it does I'm really happy with it
the only reason I'm selling its time
planning again something different made
for my mom for all I can automatic or
something but this thing will climb up a
wall it's crazy
now I'm not knowing someone like who
revs a crap out of it I you know I take
it easy I take care of my stuff I always
clean it up do oil changes change the
air filter oil filter all that stuff so
that's my four wheeler thanks